SNEHA MOHAN
sneham@princeton.edu| +91 9940122735
EDUCATION
Princeton University Princeton, NJ
Master in Finance ( Machine Learning Track ) Expected 2021 - 2023
● Expected Coursework : Asset Pricing, Statistical Analysis of Financial Data, Time Series Models, ComputationalFinance in
C++, Financial Modelling, Financial Risk Management,Financial Econometrics, Fixed Income Models
Indian Institute of Technology, Madras Chennai,India
B.Tech in Mechanical Engineering;CGPA: 8.49/10 2015-2019
● Relevant Courses: Linear Algebra for Data Analysis, Probability, Differential Equations, Machine Learning,Deep Learning for
Imaging, Natural Language Processing, Data Structuresand Algorithms
WORK EXPERIENCE
JP Morgan Chase Mumbai, India
Analyst Quantitative Research, Credit Electronic MarketMaking team July 2019 - May 2021
● Analyzed large scale time series data to automaticallyextract insights for trading.
● Developed computational frameworks to generate meaningfuldata.
● Worked on the effort to automate trading.
Citi Corp. Services India Pvt.Ltd Pune,India
Summer Analyst, Kafka Browser and Spark Batching Service May- July 2018
● Developed a web dashboard hosted in a Kafka serverto interact with payment data of the Russian Region.
● Implemented features to create/delete messages, filterbased on date and keywords and entitlements to segregatedifferent
category of users.
PROJECTS AND RESEARCH EXPERIENCE
Indian Institute of Technology, Madras Chennai,India
Solving Partial Differential Equations using DeepNetworks January - May 2019
Prof. Balaji Srinivasan
● Developed a deep learning system to solve 1D and 2Dpartial differential equations. We achieved significantspeed up in
solving the equation with no loss in accuracy whencompared to the traditional finite element methods.
Indian Institute of Technology, Madras Chennai,India
Representation Learning for articles using NeuralNetworks January - May 2019
Prof. Sutanu Chakraborty
● A neural network similar to the CBOW word2vec modelwas trained to learn document embeddings.
● Compared the results of different architectures onsynthetic data sets and analysed the word and documentvectors obtained
using this method.
Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore Bangalore, India
3D Reconstruction using Structured Light Patterns November 2016 - August 2017
Prof. Ramsharan Rangarajan
● Developed a 3D Reconstruction algorithm using imagescaptured by projecting structured light patterns.
● Images taken from multiple poses were combined toget the reconstruction of the complete object.
SCHOLASTIC ACHIEVEMENTS
● 2017 - Awarded Summer Research Fellowship by IndianAcademy of Sciences.
● 2015 - Awarded KVPY scholarship funded by the Department of Science and Technology, Government of India.
● 2015 - All India Rank 41 in the admission merit listof Indian Institute of Space, Science and Technology.
SKILLS AND INTERESTS
Programming: Python, C++,OpenCV/C++,PyTorch
Peer Advising: Academic Buddy and Mentor at IIT Madras - Directly mentored 6 first year students on theiracademic coursework.
Interests: Running ,Cooking, Cycling
