Hange (Cathy) Zhu
415 South Street, Waltham, MA | hz7741@princeton.edu | +86-150-1106-5206
EDUCATION
Princeton University Princeton, NJ
Master in Finance Candidate, Bendheim Center for Finance August 2021 – Expected May 2023
• Anticipated Courses: Statistical Analysis of Financial Data; Financial Econometrics; Asset Pricing; Stochastic
Calculus; Machine Learning and Pattern Recognition
Brandeis University Waltham, MA
Bachelor of Science in Applied Mathematics, Bachelor of Science in Economics August 2017 – December 2020
• GPA: 3.92 / 4.0; Honors: Phi Beta Kappa, magna cum laude, Dean’s List
• Fields of Study: Stochastic Processes and Models; Probability Theory; Differential Equations; Mathematical
Statistics; Applied Linear Algebra; Advanced Programming Techniques in Java; Econometrics; Mathematics for
Natural Sciences
WORK EXPERIENCE
Alibaba Group Company Beijing, China
Data Analyst Remote Assistant, Business Intelligence Department June 2020 – August 2020
• Researched fresh food e-commerce industry in both pre and post COVID periods in mainland China, including
tracing fresh food industry development history and supply chain deficiencies, analyzing three modes’ (warehouse,
community group buy, and O2O) leading companies and their performances, predicted how the industry and
consumer behaviors would be influenced by COVID. Conducted cluster analysis of China’s cities by R.
• Researched O2O chocolate candy industry development and major players in the field by looking through
Euromonitor datasets, market research, and financial statements.
• Participed in the the investment group and applied Deep Deterministic Policy Gradient (DDPG) algorithm to train
the investment portfolio management model.
Zhongtai Securities Co., LTD Beijing, China
Summer Assistant, Investment Banking Department June 2019 – August 2019
• Assisted with an M&A project in the sharing economy and conducted industry research on the bike sharing
market, including the evaluation of two companies’ financial reports, analyzing the comparative companies’
market shares, financial indexes, predicting future development directions and market share.
• Participated in analyzing the acquired company’s valuation by researching its financing history and core
technologies, identifyed key market leaders and competition.
RESEARCH & COURSE PROJECTS
Brandeis University, Applied Mathematics Department Waltham, MA
Research Assistant, Chemical Oscillations Project January 2020 – August 2020
• Analyzed PDEs models in biological supplements by collaborators from the Department of Chemistry to
numerically convert them in weak formulation.
• Dug into the relationship between nondimensionalized concentrations of HBrO and Ru(bipy) 3+, and the volume
2 3
fraction of polymer by analyzing and visualizing PDEs in MATLAB, FreeFem++ and Mathematica. Updated
solution results to research team, including analyzing unexpected numerical fluctuations and blow-ups.
• Hunted for the directional locomotion of the gel driven by autonomous propagation of pulse waves in 1D system
and the periodic migration of the gel with illumination-induced instability in 2D system.
Brandeis University, Applied Mathematics Department Waltham, MA
Biodiversity Model and Its Application in Python Project December 2019
• Modeled Python program based on the mathematical models from “The Measurement of Diversity in Different
Types of Biological Collections” by E. C. Pielou.
• Generated biodiversity trend in Finglandrigg National Reserve, UK by reconstructing and applying real-world
dataset to the Python model in visualized format.
Brandeis University, Business Department Waltham, MA
Oracle and Salesforce Financial Analysis Project April 2019
• Analyzed financial comparisons between Oracle and Salesforce by examining financial statements and indexes
obtained from Capital IQ, including comparing asset profitability, equity profitability, and debt repayment ability.
LEADERSHIP AND INVOLVEMENT
Brandeis University, Chinese Student Association (BC3) Waltham, MA
President September 2019 – May 2020
• Organized activities associated with Chinese traditional festivals and collaborated events with other cultural clubs.
SKILLS AND INTERESTS
Technical Skills: Python, Java, R, MATLAB, SQL, Excel.
Languages: Mandarin (Native)
Interests: scuba diving, photographing, LEGO building.
